docs: clarify direct access needed to nodes in insecure mode (#8902)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.8/introduction/getting-started.md

> For information on customizing your machine configurations (such as to specify the version of Kubernetes), using [machine configuration patches]({{< relref "../talos-guides/configuration/patching" >}}), or customizing configurations for individual machines (such as setting static IP addresses), see the [Production Notes]({{< relref "prodnotes#customizing-machine-configuration" >}}).

## Accessing the Talos API

Administrative tasks are performed by calling the Talos API (usually with `talosctl`) on Talos Linux control plane nodes, who may forward the requests to other nodes.
Thus:
- ensure your control plane node is directly reachable on TCP port 50000 from the workstation where you run the `talosctl` client.

> - Until a node is a member of the cluster, it does not have the PKI infrastructure set up, and so will not accept API requests that are proxied through a control plane node.

Reviewer: it's actually the other way around - controlplane nodes would refuse to talk to the nodes which don't have right PKI (they can't establish mutual TLS while trying to forward the API request)

Thus you will need direct access to the **worker** nodes on port 50000 from the workstation where you run `talosctl`  in order to apply the initial configuration.
Once the cluster is established, you will no longer need port 50000 access to the workers.

> (You can avoid requiring such access by passing in the initial configuration in one of other methods, such as by `user-data` or via PXE.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(You can avoid requiring such access by passing in the initial configuration in one of other methods, such as by cloud `userdata` or via `talos.config=` kernel argument on a `metal` platform)
```
